# Datasets

This repository has several datasets, identified by the namespaces.

## Usage

ATM, this is a pretty manual setup, but the easiest thing to do is just locate the dataset(s) you want to use and run the corresponding namespace. It will create the table and load the data needed for the dataset.

Future iterations could be less manual, but for now this gives you an easy way to load in some interesting datasets.

This also is currently hardwired to SQLite. A next step would be to generalize the DDLs to any db you want.

### Clean this up

Run the project directly, via `:exec-fn`:

    $ clojure -X:run-x
    Hello, Clojure!

Run the project, overriding the name to be greeted:

    $ clojure -X:run-x :name '"Someone"'
    Hello, Someone!

Run the project directly, via `:main-opts` (`-m quotes.quotes`):

    $ clojure -M:run-m
    Hello, World!

Run the project, overriding the name to be greeted:

    $ clojure -M:run-m Via-Main
    Hello, Via-Main!

Run the project's tests (they'll fail until you edit them):

    $ clojure -X:test:runner

Build an uberjar:

    $ clojure -X:uberjar

This will update the generated `pom.xml` file to keep the dependencies synchronized with
your `deps.edn` file. You can update the version (and SCM tag) information in the `pom.xml` using the
`:version` argument:

    $ clojure -X:uberjar :version '"1.2.3"'

If you don't want the `pom.xml` file in your project, you can remove it, but you will
also need to remove `:sync-pom true` from the `deps.edn` file (in the `:exec-args` for `depstar`).

Run that uberjar:

    $ java -jar quotes.jar

## Options

FIXME: listing of options this app accepts.

## Examples

...

### Bugs

...

### Any Other Sections
### That You Think
### Might be Useful

## License

Copyright © 2023 Mark Bastian

_EPLv1.0 is just the default for projects generated by `clj-new`: you are not_
_required to open source this project, nor are you required to use EPLv1.0!_
_Feel free to remove or change the `LICENSE` file and remove or update this_
_section of the `README.md` file!_

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License version 1.0.
